Docs: Add forecasting triggering and fetching API documentation (#1861)
FlexMeasures/flexmeasures: documentation/features/forecasting.rst

``forecast-frequency`` together with ``max-forecast-horizon`` determine how the forecasting cycles advance through time.
``start-date`` / ``from-date`` and ``to-date`` allow precise control over the training and prediction windows in each cycle.

Forecasting via the API
-----------------------

In addition to the CLI command, FlexMeasures now provides API endpoints for
triggering forecasts and retrieving their results.

These endpoints live under the Sensor API (``/api/v3_0/sensors``).

Triggering a forecast
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. http:post:: /api/v3_0/sensors/<sensor>/forecasts/trigger

Reviewer: `<sensor>` -> `<id>`

We could also try adding a cross-reference here to the endpoint description in the API v3 docs. Maybe some of the contents should move there, actually.

   Launch a forecasting job asynchronously for the given sensor.

   **Permissions:** ``create-children`` on the sensor.

   **Request JSON:**

   .. code-block:: json

       {
         "start_date": "2025-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
         "start_predict_date": "2025-01-04T00:00:00+00:00",
         "end_date": "2025-01-04T04:00:00+00:00"
       }

   **Response (200):**

   .. code-block:: json

       {
         "status": "PROCESSED",
         "forecasting_jobs": ["b3d26a8a-7a43-4a9f-93e1-fc2a869ea97b"],
         "message": "Forecast job has been queued."
       }

   This endpoint will queue a background forecasting job on the forecasting worker queue.

Checking job status & retrieving forecasts
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. http:get:: /api/v3_0/sensors/<sensor>/forecasts/<job_id>

Reviewer: `<job_id>` -> `<uuid>`

>    Retrieve the status of a forecasting job and, when finished, its forecast data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Retrieve the status of a forecasting job and, if it finished, its forecast data.
```

   **Permissions:** ``read`` on the sensor.

   **Response when running:**

   .. code-block:: json

       {
         "status": "RUNNING",
         "job_id": "<job-id>"
       }

   **Response when finished (200):**

   .. code-block:: json

       {
         "status": "FINISHED",

>          "job_id": "<job-id>",

Reviewer: `<job-id>` -> `<uuid>`

Author: changed.

         "sensor": 12,
         "forecasts": {
           "2025-01-04T00:15:00+00:00": [
             {
               "event_start": "2025-01-04T00:15:00+00:00",
               "belief_time": "2025-01-04T00:00:00+00:00",
               "cumulative_probability": 0.5,
               "value": 3.27
             },
             ...
           ]

>          }

Author: Does this review refer to changing the formatting of this docs example or the response generated by the API itself.

       }

>    Forecasts are returned grouped by event start time. Only the most recent belief

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The returned forecasts are grouped by event start time. Only the most recent belief
```
